start up draft of 2025 page (#13)
isav-workshop/isav-workshop.github.io: 2025/README.md

---

> title: "ISAV 2025: In Situ Infrastructures for Enabling Extreme-scale Analysis and Visualization"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "ISAV 2025: In Situ AI, Analysis and Visualization"
```

description: >
  Information for the SC'25 conference ISAV workshop
year: 2025
current: true
permalink: /2025/
---

<style type="text/css">

#isav-sc25-banner {
    margin: 2px 2px 2px 2px;
    background: url("/2025/isav24_logo.png") 0 0 no-repeat;
    height: 130px;
    border: 0px solid white;
    border-bottom: 0px solid beige;
    align: center;
}

.container-lg > h1:first-of-type {
    display: none;
}

p { text-align: justify; }

</style>

<div id="isav-sc25-banner"> </div>

> # ISAV 2025: In Situ Infrastructures for Enabling Extreme-scale Analysis and Visualization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ISAV 2025: In Situ AI, Analysis and Visualization
```

<p style="text-align: left;" markdown="1">

<br>

> In conjunction with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Proposed workshop* -- In conjunction with:
```

A well-known, yet challenging, approach is in situ processing – performing as much analysis as possible while computed data is still resident in memory.

This is the 11th year of the In Situ Infrastructures for Enabling Extreme-scale Analysis and Visualization (ISAV) workshop. We celebrate that in situ processing has evolved from research efforts to a central component in supercomputer, cloud and edge applications.
In situ methods are in high demand: in system-scale 3D visualization for the latest Exascale supercomputers, in cloud products providing responsive user experiences, in tightly coupled digital twins, and in computational sciences.
Each one of these examples has a different set of requirements in response time, data throughput and complexity of data pipelines, and more exploration in the in situ space is needed to address multifaceted goals: (1) to preserve important elements of simulations, (2) to significantly reduce the data needed to preserve these elements, (3) to offer as much flexibility as possible for post-processing exploration, and (4) to accelerate the gathering of insights to be fast enough to make timely decisions based on it.

> ISAV is a community of in situ developers, practitioners, researchers, and users of in situ methods and infrastructure, connecting industry, government laboratories, and academia across all career levels.

Reviewer: We reworked this section for the abstract today and could take this over later on.
(Here, we are usually a bit more verbose and make it 3 paragraphs instead of one.)
